Girls the
second floor.
Boys on third
floor, upstairs.
Vlog for you, journey
of a high school freshman
to chart topping
pop star.
Watch the dream
as I live it.
People!
You're in my shot.
I know it's the
first day of school,
but can we clear this
hallway please?
Hello?
Watch it.
Coming through.
Perfect.
Hello!
Excuse me.
You, you with the
unnatural red hair.
You are?
Jodi Mappa.
Freshman.
By way of Red
Hook Brooklyn.
What up?
Ms. Diona,
principal.
McKendrick
Prep.
"What up" is we have a
dress code here and you,
young lady have
gone far beyond it.
Really?
Yes.
That is so sick.
Thank you.
Bye.
School assembly
at 3pm!
Attendance is
mandatory.
*
3, 2, 1!
The drop, yeah!
*
Mr. Davis.
Oh.
Hello!
Caleb Davis?
I'm Mr. Stark, the
floor's resident advisor.
Are you my
problem?
Sir?
Every year I have a
freshman who's a problem.
I don't like
problems.
Sir, you're our
resident advisor.
Aren't we supposed to come
to you with our problems?
So it begins,
Mr. Davis.
So it begins.
Woo!
No.
Uh uh.
Mine!
Called it!
O-M-G who
dresses you?
I do.
I call it: Jodi
street couture.
Shut up!
Get out of my world!
Talk to me.
You don't mind.
I record everything
for the Sun-Hi nation.
I'm Sun-Hi,
b-t-dubs
I'm Jodi.
What's the
Sun-Hi Nation?
My fans.
I have 72.
Mostly relatives, but
the nation is growing.
You have fans?
What do you do?
Everything.
I sing, I dance,
make people jealous.
Nobody move.
Ah!
* Make it pop, Woo, woo
* I can't wait, no I can't wait
no, I can't wait, no *
* I can't wait, no
I can't wait *
* So make it pop, we're bout
to, we're bout to blow *
* Until we drop, oh ya,
we're ready to go *
* Ain't gonna stop, when is it
time for the show *
* We make it, you make it,
they make it *
* M-m-m-m-m-m-
Make it pop *
Don't worry,
I got this.
Whatever you're
looking for--
You'll never
find it!
Don't worry, I
got your back.
I'm not hiding
anything.
Exactly.
We're completely
innocent.
Relax, ladies.
It's just a standard
room check.
Oh, they do this in
every dorm room?
Just the ones with
the special students.
O-M-G this is because
of Sun-Hi Nation?
Hastag blushing.
Hastag no.
Hastag this is about your other
roommate who's not here yet.
I don't get this
whole hashtag thing.
Room clear.
Our roommate
needs security?
I know.
She must be
super famous!
Or bonkers.
That would def make us the
coolest dorm room in school.
*
Animal shelter?
No, allergic to fur.
Florist!
No, allergic
to pollen.
Babysitter?
No, allergic
to babies.
Job hunting
little freshman?
Um, I'm talking
to you.
Oh.
Sorry.
I'm not really used to the whole
girls talking to me thing.
Yeah, I'm looking
for a job.
Well, there's one
at the roller rink.
It's super cool.
And when Valerie says
something is super cool,
most people can't
even handle it.
That means
it's too cool.
Wow!
Thanks!
No problem.
Jared Anderson,
student body president.
This is our year.
Bye freshman.
I really need to learn
how to walk like that.
Mr. Stark: Attention, assembly
now in the auditorium.
Ms. Diona: You
are students of
McKendrick Preparatory
high school.
Where we have a
history of excellence.
Go McKendrick Prep!
Woo!
Yeah!
Awesome cheer,
Valerie.
And now, a word from the head
of performing arts department.
Mr. Stark.
Theatre.
It mirrors the essence
of who we are.
Makes the struggles, failures,
and rejections of this life--
In a couple of weeks, I'll be
announcing the school musical.
Everyone is encouraged
to participate.
Great announcement
to inform us about
a future announcement,
Mr. Stark.
School musical?
I could be
the lead.
We don't even know
what show it is.
It doesn't matter.
You stand under a
spotlight for two hours,
then everyone
applauds for you.
It's what I was
born to do.
*
* So, this is
how it starts. *
* From the high
to the low. *
* Future fans and
it's my show. *
* So, this is how
it feels to *
* get everyone talking,
the big reveal. *
*
* It's a crazy situation,
it's my destination. *
* Absolute fascination
all across the nation. *
* Now, I'm here where
I'm meant to be *
* I'm meant to be
* Show of the year,
the new drama queen, *
* Boom boom, on
the scene. *
* Now, I'm here, where
I'm meant to be *
* I'm meant to be
* Show of the year,
the new drama queen, *
* Boom boom, on
the scene. *
*
* So, this is it my friends, the
hottest ticket in town, *
* Everyone will attend.
* Oh, this is
where it goes, *
* in the auditorium and
everyone knows. *
* Now, I'm here where
I'm meant to be *
* I'm meant to be
* Show of the year,
the new drama queen, *
* Boom boom,
on the scene. *
* Now, I'm here where
I'm meant to be *
* I'm meant to be
* Show of the year,
the new drama queen, *
* Boom boom, on
the scene. *
In case you were wondering,
freshman students
don't perform as leads in
the school musical.
Ever.
Assembly over.
Good day.
Sun-Hi: No freshman leads?
Like I'm going to
listen to a man that
has hair that looks like
an old birds nest.
Everyone knows if you're
going to rock the nest,
you have to
go all out.
Duh!
*
You like my sound?
Your beats are sick.
Wait, not sick like my
Nana's old cat Maurice.
No, the good sick.
Caleb Davis.
I'm Sun-Hi.
This is Jodi.
There she is!
Our mystery
roommate!
Gotta go!
Got anymore of
that good music?
I've got plenty!
Talking to girls
isn't so hard.
Keeping them
around, another story.
What kind of person
has a security detail?
Maybe she's an
undercover agent.
Or a spy!
Or an actor.
(Knock on the door)
Delivery, ladies.
Watch out.
(bang)
What is it?
I don't know.
The less I know, the
less problems I have.
But--
I don't want to know.
What are you doing?
It's our room.
We get to see what
gets delivered to it.
You know what this
means, don't you?
You've committed a felony by
opening up someone else's mail?
No, our roommate
is a spy!
And we have to find
out who she really is.
*
I just want to know
every intimate detail
about our new roommate
before she moves in.
Is that so
unreasonable?
Sort of, but
I like it.
*
Sun-Hi: Late admission.
That has to be her.
Someone's coming.
We gotta go.
Both: Woah!
What are we
gonna do?
In here.
Sun-Hi:
Shh! Quiet!
Here they come.
Security, late
registration.
Do you really think one student
is worth all this trouble?
This one is.
Why must they all
leave these open?
I mean, really.
It's the first day.
These kids.
Would you mind?
Would I?
No.
(chuckles)
Jodi: What are we
going to do?
This might not be a
good time to tell you,
but I don't do well
in tight spaces.
Really?
I thought everyone enjoyed
being locked in a tight space
that smells like
rotten egg sandwich.
I think it just
touched my ankle.
Ew!
Don't let it
touch me!
(snoring)
Wake up!
Uh?
You were snoring and
using my face as a pillow.
We're still in here?
Yup.
I just posted another
call for help.
Help I have gout.
Autocorrect.
I meant to write:
help get us out!
How about mentioning
we're in a
school locker or
McKendrick Prep?
Anything that would help
someone actually find us.
People did
find me.
Over 25 responses.
Apparently, your family is well
versed in remedies for gout.
Oh.
(school bell ringing)
Hey!
We're in here!
(banging)
Sun-Hi: What?
He didn't
even see us.
Jodi: Think you could
help us get out?
You are in
my locker?
Hello?
There's still someone
stuck in here.
Oh.
Right.
Sorry.
Ow.
You know what?
I don't even
want to know.
He's different.
Yeah.
In a kinda
cute way.
*
(phone ringing)
Hello?
How did you know
I wanted a job?
Oh yes, the sign
would give it away.
Yes, I'm looking
for a job.
Preferably something
that can utilize my song
writing skills and
sensitive artistic nature.
Custodian?
I'll take it.
Thank you.
Yes!
*
This place has
killer sound.
(beatboxing)
Oh.
Whoa!
What is this?
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Oh, yes sir those salt
shakers are family heirlooms,
right and I will
be sure to fix
that tinsy little
bit of wall damage.
Don't you worry.
Noted.
You don't worry.
I worry.
Anyone who practices slow motion
walking is definitely not cute.
You're unbelievable.
Thank you!
I enjoy your
company too.
(speaking Japanese)
She's here.
Ahem.
Hi.
I'm Corkie Chang, your
new roommate.
I'm Jodie.
This is Sun-Hi.
Are you famous?
Sun-Hi.
Come on!
We're sisters
in dorm life.
We need a circle of
trust and if she's famous...
Oh.
Designer.
I need to know so I can
use it to my advantage.
Don't mind
Sun-Hi.
She's weird.
Not weird, weird,
just unique weird.
You play that?
Since I was 4.
My father
wanted me to.
Well, my father wanted
me to be a boy,
but I think disappointment
is good for parents.
Keeps them guessing.
Look, you two
seem nice but you
probably won't be
seeing much of me.
I'm here to study hard and get
into an American university.
You're right!
She's not a spy,
she's an alien.
Jodi: Sun-Hi come on!
I can't see.
(scream)
Oh. That's better.
She doesn't even have
class first period.
Come on!
We're late.
*
(school bell rings)
I forgot my phone.
I'll be right back.
(violin playing)
*
* Waiting some time
for the hand of fate. *
* Dreaming the dream,
I can hardly wait. *
* We are going to
be a part of it. *
* No stopping us
now, the fire's lit. *
* Blast off now,
hear the sonic boom. *
* Everybody's gonna
get down in the room. *
* Shoot for the stars,
we'll wave to the Moon. *
* The lighting strike
goes zoom, zoom, zoom. *
* We're taking over,
better step aside. *
* We'll hit the road, but
we'll still need a ride. *
* We're gonna get to work
on our grand design, *
* tag you in a post
when we get online. *
* If we have the time.
* Turn up the spotlight,
we're on our way. *
we want to play. *
* We'll get it, I'll bet it,
we're gonna be stars one day. *
* All we gotta do
is write a song. *
* Then we'll get
our own emoticon. *
* Everywhere we go,
they'll scream our names. *
* I guess that comes
with the price of fame. *
* Turn up the spotlight,
we're on our way. *
we want to play. *
* We'll get it, I'll bet it,
we're gonna be stars one day. *
*
* S-U-N hi, yeah.
* It's J-O-D.
* Listen up, Corki.
* We'll be in the sky,
they'll see us glow *
* Over the airwaves
on the radio. *
* Just give us the lights,
we'll steal the show. *
* Throw your hands up
then lose control. *
* Work everyday and
all through the night. *
* Only get one shot
better do it right. *
* Won't stop till everybody
knows the name. *
* They better be ready
cause we'll bring the fame. *
* Turn up the spotlight,
we're on our way. *
we want to play. *
* We'll get it, I'll bet it,
we're gonna be stars one day. *
Corkie, who knew you could
sound so great with me.
I've never sung with
anyone else before.
It was fun!
My gift to you.
You weren't recording
that, were you?
Of course I was!
I'm pretty always
recording everything.
It's kinda my thing.
You'll get used to it.
No.
No one else can
know about this.
What are you
talking about?
This is fate!
Our first step in
our epic journey
to starting a pop
super group!
A pop super group?
There's no pop group.
Oh contraire,
mon frere.
That means you know nothing
Jodi in some other language.
French, and that's
not what it means.
Please promise me you'll
never tell anyone about this?
Please?
Okay, but that won't do any good
cause it already went viral!
What?
Okay, let's just
all calm down...
Corkie, if you're going to be in
a band, people have to see you.
It's the whole
point of a band.
You know, besides the
music and all that.
You couldn't
possibly understand.
No one could.
What do you think
that was all about?
I don't know.
I thought you were gonna
be the weird roommate.